MultiBit

Developers:
-----------
Gary Rowe
Jim Burton
Jonny Heggheim
Tim Molter

Internationalisation:
---------------------
3phase              - Greek
anod1               - French
Arvis Lacis         - Latvian
Azrael_PT           - Portuguese
bitcoin.hu          - Hungarian
bitcoinspot         - Dutch
corn3               - Portuguese
D4CH                - Danish
damnek              - Dutch
DutchBrat           - Dutch
Emin Gun Sirer      - Turkish
ffe                 - Arabic
finway              - Simplified Chinese
freemoney           - Spanish, German
gilgilgil           - Hebrew
grouver             - Dutch
GSBank              - French
guillo.92199        - French
gulaschkanone       - German
guy46               - Portuguese
haritosh            - Hindi
HostFat             - Italian
ildubbioso          - Italian
lzsaver             - Russian
Jan-steenbergen     - Dutch
JeppeJ              - Swedish
Jonny Heggheim      - Norwegian
Katya Rowe          - Russian
Kishor Kumar        - Hindi
knight22            - French
Kupsi               - Norwegian
kyuupichan          - Japanese
lophie              - Arabic 
Marx1996xvx         - Polish
Mats Henricson      - Swedish
Memory Dealers      - Japanese
mrmx                - Spanish
mrvision            - Spanish
muyuu               - Japanese
nsnia               - Croatian
nuntius.marii       - Dutch
pginvest            - Portuguese
Piotr Waskiewicz    - Polish
raymccarthy         - Swedish
rbreban             - Spanish
rondo               - French
sasha               - Russian
spiccioli           - Italian
techmix             - Persian
Technomage          - Finnish
teknomunk           - Japanese
tesla               - Russian
Wissam Idrissi      - Arabic
Wim1441             - Dutch
XeF6                - Turkish
Yui_K               - Spanish
ziomik              - Italian
